Last date of payment (#123)
pretix/pretix-docs: docs/guides/payment/index.md

Navigate to :navpath:Your Event → :fa3-wrench: Settings → Payment:. 
The :btn:Deadlines: tab lets you set payment terms measured in either days or minutes. 
The default value for the payment term for your customers is 14 days. 
This page also lets you make optional adjustments such as a last date of payment, an additional expiration delay beyond the time communicated to your customer, and the option to only end payment terms on weekdays. 

!!! Note 
    If you define a "Last date of payment", then that last date of payment overrides both the "Payment term" and the "Accept late payments" settings. 
    No payments will be accepted after the date defined under "Last date of payments". 
    
    You cannot manually accept an order as paid after the "Last date of payments". 

>     If you want to avoid a situation in which this would be necessary, leave the "Last date of payments" setting at `Not set`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to avoid a situation in which this would cause issues, leave the "Last date of payments" setting at `Not set`. 
```

Wir scheinen da unterschiedliche Interpretationen dessen, was der Satz sagen will, zu haben?
